Use only docstrings in documentation + fix them (#236)
JuliaGaussianProcesses/KernelFunctions.jl: docs/src/transform.md

# Input Transforms

> [`Transform`](@ref) is the object that takes care of transforming the input data before distances are being computed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Transform`](@ref)s are designed to change input data before passing it on to a kernel object.
```

It can be as standard as [`IdentityTransform`](@ref) returning the same input, or
multiplying the data by a scalar with [`ScaleTransform`](@ref) or by a vector with
[`ARDTransform`](@ref).
There is a more general [`FunctionTransform`](@ref) that uses a function and applies it to
each input.

You can also create a pipeline of [`Transform`](@ref)s via [`ChainTransform`](@ref), e.g.,
```julia
LowRankTransform(rand(10, 5)) ∘ ScaleTransform(2.0)
```

> A transformation `t` can be applied to a vector `v` with `map`.

Author: ```suggestion

A transformation `t` can be applied to a single input `x` with `t(x)` and to multiple inputs
`xs` with `map(t, xs)`.

Kernels can be coupled with input transformations with
[`transform`](@ref). It falls back to creating a [`TransformedKernel`](@ref) but allows more
optimized implementations for specific kernels and transformations.
```

> 

Reviewer: I think we should at least mention the `transform` function and `TransformedKernel` type in this function, so as to explain to users how to actually _use_ transforms.

Author: I added some additional sentences about `transform` and `TransformedKernel`.
